[All hosts](security) Update NAA article to support a walkthrough (#4519)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/develop/enable-nested-app-authentication-in-your-add-in.md

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Nested app authentication (NAA) is currently in preview. To try this feature, join the Microsoft 365 Insider Program (https://insider.microsoft365.com/join) and choose the Beta Channel. Don't use NAA in production add-ins. We invite you to try out NAA in test or development environments and welcome feedback on your experience through GitHub (see the **Feedback** section at the end of this page).
> NAA is supported in the following builds.
>
> - Word, Excel, and PowerPoint on Windows build 16.0.17531.20000 or later.
> - Word, Excel, and PowerPoint on Mac build 16.85.24040319 or later.
> - Outlook on Windows build 16.0.17531.20000 or later.

> > - Outlook on Mac build 16.85.24040319 or later.

Reviewer: Why list Outlook separately? The build numbers are the same as for WXP.

Reviewer 2: Please remove period on bulleted items. You only use when items are sentences.

Author: fixed, thanks!

Configure your add-in to use NAA by setting the `supportsNestedAppAuth` property to true in your MSAL configuration. This enables MSAL to use APIs on its native application host (for example, Outlook) to acquire tokens for your application. If you don't set this property, MSAL uses the default JavaScript-based implementation to acquire tokens for your application, which may lead to unexpected auth prompts and unsatisfiable conditional access policies when running inside of a webview.

> The following steps show how to enable NAA in the `taskpane.js` or `taskpane.ts` file in a project built with `yo office`. The code can be adapted to any project.

Author: I'll work to reword that better.

   ```JavaScript
   import { PublicClientNext } from "@azure/msal-browser";

   // Configuration for NAA.
   const msalConfig = {
     auth: {
       clientId: "Enter_the_Application_Id_Here",
       authority: "https://login.microsoftonline.com/common",
       supportsNestedAppAuth: true
     }
   }
   let pca = undefined; // public client application to be initialized later.
   ```

## Initialize the public client application

Next, you need to initialize MSAL and get an instance of the public client application. This is used to get access tokens when needed. It's recommended to create the public client application in the `Office.onReady` method.

- In your `Office.onReady` function, add a call to `createPublicClientApplication` as shown below to initilize the `pca` variable.

  ```javascript
  Office.onReady(async (info) => {
    if (info.host === Office.HostType.Excel) {
      document.getElementById("sideload-msg").style.display = "none";
      document.getElementById("app-body").style.display = "flex";
      document.getElementById("run").onclick = run;

>       // Initialize the publice client application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      // Initialize the public client application
```

## NAA supported accounts and hosts

NAA supports both Microsoft Accounts and Microsoft Entra ID (work/school) identities. It doesn’t support B2C scenarios. For preview, NAA is supported in Office on Windows and Mac. For GA, NAA will also support Office on the web, iOS, and Outlook Mobile on Android and iOS.

## Best practices

We recommend the following best practices when using MSAL.js with NAA.

### Use silent authentication whenever possible

MSAL.js provides the `acquireTokenSilent` method that handles token renewal by making silent token requests without prompting the user. The method first looks for a valid cached token. If it doesn't find one, the library makes the silent request to Microsoft Entra ID and if there's an active user session, a fresh token is returned.

In certain cases, the `acquireTokenSilent` method's attempt to get the token fails. Some examples of this are when there's an expired user session with Microsoft Entra ID or a password change by the user, which requires user interaction. When the acquireTokenSilent fails, you need to call the interactive `acquireTokenPopup` token method.

### Have a fallback when NAA isn't supported

> While we strive to provide a high-degree of compatibility with these flows across the Microsoft ecosystem, your add-in may be loaded in an older Office host that does not support NAA. In these cases, your add-in won't support seamless SSO and you may need to fall back to an alternate method of authenticating the user. In generaly you'll want to use the MSAL SPA authentication pattern with the Office JS dialog API. For more information, see the following resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While we strive to provide a high-degree of compatibility with these flows across the Microsoft ecosystem, your add-in may be loaded in an older Office host that does not support NAA. In these cases, your add-in won't support seamless SSO and you may need to fall back to an alternate method of authenticating the user. In general you'll want to use the MSAL SPA authentication pattern with the [Office JS dialog API](auth-with-office-dialog-api.md). For more information, see the following resources.
```
